.TH "KTREMOTETEST" 1 "2012-05-25" "Man Page" "Kyoto Tycoon"

.SH NAME
ktremotetest \- command line interface to test the remote database

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The command `\fBktremotetest\fR' is a utility for facility test and performance test of the remote database.  This command is used in the following format.  `\fIrnum\fR' specifies the number of iterations.
.PP
.RS
.br
\fBktremotetest order \fR[\fB\-th \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-rnd\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-set\fR|\fB\-get\fR|\fB\-rem\fR|\fB\-etc\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-host \fIstr\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-port \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-tout \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fIrnum\fB\fR
.RS
Performs in\-order tests.
.RE
.br
\fBktremotetest bulk \fR[\fB\-th \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-bin\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-rnd\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-set\fR|\fB\-get\fR|\fB\-rem\fR|\fB\-etc\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-bulk \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-host \fIstr\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-port \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-tout \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-bnr\fR]\fB \fIrnum\fB\fR
.RS
Performs bulk operation tests.
.RE
.br
\fBktremotetest wicked \fR[\fB\-th \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-it \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-host \fIstr\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-port \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-tout \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fIrnum\fB\fR
.RS
Performs mixed operations selected at random.
.RE
.br
\fBktremotetest usual \fR[\fB\-th \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-it \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-host \fIstr\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-port \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-tout \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-kp \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-vs \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-xt \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-iv \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fIrnum\fB\fR
.RS
Performs mixed operations to simulate usual use cases.
.RE
.RE
.PP
Options feature the following.
.PP
.RS
\fB\-th \fInum\fR\fR : specifies the number of worker threads.
.br
\fB\-rnd\fR : performs random test.
.br
\fB\-set\fR : performs setting operation only.
.br
\fB\-get\fR : performs getting operation only.
.br
\fB\-rem\fR : performs removing operation only.
.br
\fB\-etc\fR : performs miscellaneous operations.
.br
\fB\-host \fIstr\fR\fR : specifies the host name of the server.
.br
\fB\-port \fInum\fR\fR : specifies the port number of the server.
.br
\fB\-tout \fInum\fR\fR : specifies the timeout in seconds.
.br
\fB\-bin\fR : uses the binary protocol.
.br
\fB\-bulk \fInum\fR\fR : specifies the number of records in a bulk operation.
.br
\fB\-bnr\fR : enables the no\-reply option in the binary protocol.
.br
\fB\-it \fInum\fR\fR : specifies the number of repetition.
.br
\fB\-kp \fInum\fR\fR : specifies the number of patterns of keys.
.br
\fB\-vs \fInum\fR\fR : specifies the size of each value.
.br
\fB\-xt \fInum\fR\fR : specifies the expiration date.
.br
\fB\-iv \fInum\fR\fR : specifies the interval of each operation in milliseconds.
.br
.RE
.PP
This command returns 0 on success, another on failure.

.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
.BR ktremotemgr (1)
