.TH "KTTIMEDTEST" 1 "2012-05-25" "Man Page" "Kyoto Tycoon"

.SH NAME
kttimedtest \- command line interface to test the timed database

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The command `\fBkttimedtest\fR' is a utility for facility test and performance test of the timed database.  This command is used in the following format.  `\fIpath\fR' specifies the path of a database file.  `\fIrnum\fR' specifies the number of iterations.
.PP
.RS
.br
\fBkttimedtest order \fR[\fB\-th \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-rnd\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-set\fR|\fB\-get\fR|\fB\-getw\fR|\fB\-rem\fR|\fB\-etc\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-tran\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-oat\fR|\fB\-onl\fR|\fB\-onl\fR|\fB\-otl\fR|\fB\-onr\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-ulog \fIstr\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-ulim \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-sid \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-dbid \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-lv\fR]\fB \fIpath\fB \fIrnum\fB\fR
.RS
Performs in\-order tests.
.RE
.br
\fBkttimedtest queue \fR[\fB\-th \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-it \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-rnd\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-oat\fR|\fB\-onl\fR|\fB\-onl\fR|\fB\-otl\fR|\fB\-onr\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-ulog \fIstr\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-ulim \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-sid \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-dbid \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-lv\fR]\fB \fIpath\fB \fIrnum\fB\fR
.RS
Performs queuing operations.
.RE
.br
\fBkttimedtest wicked \fR[\fB\-th \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-it \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-oat\fR|\fB\-onl\fR|\fB\-onl\fR|\fB\-otl\fR|\fB\-onr\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-ulog \fIstr\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-ulim \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-sid \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-dbid \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-lv\fR]\fB \fIpath\fB \fIrnum\fB\fR
.RS
Performs mixed operations selected at random.
.RE
.br
\fBkttimedtest tran \fR[\fB\-th \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-it \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-hard\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-oat\fR|\fB\-onl\fR|\fB\-onl\fR|\fB\-otl\fR|\fB\-onr\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-ulog \fIstr\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-ulim \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-sid \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-dbid \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-lv\fR]\fB \fIpath\fB \fIrnum\fB\fR
.RS
Performs test of transaction.
.RE
.br
\fBkctimedtest mapred \fR[\fB\-rnd\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-ru\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-oat\fR|\fB\-onl\fR|\fB\-onl\fR|\fB\-otl\fR|\fB\-onr\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-ulog \fIstr\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-ulim \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-sid \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-dbid \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-lv\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-tmp \fIstr\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-dbnum \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-clim \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-cbnum \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-xnl\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-xpm\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-xpr\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-xpf\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-xnc\fR]\fB \fIpath\fB \fIrnum\fB\fR
.RS
Performs MapReduce operations.
.RE
.br
\fBkttimedtest misc \fIpath\fB\fR
.RS
Performs miscellaneous tests.
.RE
.RE
.PP
Options feature the following.
.PP
.RS
\fB\-th \fInum\fR\fR : specifies the number of worker threads.
.br
\fB\-rnd\fR : performs random test.
.br
\fB\-set\fR : performs setting operation only.
.br
\fB\-get\fR : performs getting operation only.
.br
\fB\-getw\fR : performs getting with a buffer operation only.
.br
\fB\-rem\fR : performs removing operation only.
.br
\fB\-etc\fR : performs miscellaneous operations.
.br
\fB\-tran\fR : performs transaction.
.br
\fB\-oat\fR : opens the database with the auto transaction option.
.br
\fB\-oas\fR : opens the database with the auto synchronization option.
.br
\fB\-onl\fR : opens the database with the no locking option.
.br
\fB\-otl\fR : opens the database with the try locking option.
.br
\fB\-onr\fR : opens the database with the no auto repair option.
.br
\fB\-ulog \fIstr\fR\fR : specifies the update log directory.
.br
\fB\-ulim \fInum\fR\fR : specifies the limit size of each update log file.
.br
\fB\-sid \fInum\fR\fR : specifies the server ID number.
.br
\fB\-dbid \fInum\fR\fR : specifies the database ID number.
.br
\fB\-lv\fR : reports all errors.
.br
\fB\-it \fInum\fR\fR : specifies the number of repetition.
.br
\fB\-hard\fR : performs physical synchronization.
.br
\fB\-ru\fR : reuses the existing database.
.br
\fB\-tmp \fIstr\fR\fR : specifies the path of a directory for temporary storage.
.br
\fB\-dbnum \fInum\fR\fR : specifies the number of temporary databases.
.br
\fB\-clim \fInum\fR\fR : specifies the limit size of cache memory.
.br
\fB\-cbnum \fInum\fR\fR : specifies the bucket number of cache memory.
.br
\fB\-xnl\fR : executes with the no locking option.
.br
\fB\-xpm\fR : executes with the parallel mapper option.
.br
\fB\-xpr\fR : executes with the parallel reducer option.
.br
\fB\-xpf\fR : executes with the parallel flusher option.
.br
\fB\-xnc\fR : executes with the no compression option.
.br
.RE
.PP
This command returns 0 on success, another on failure.

.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
.BR kttimedmgr (1)
