.TH "KTUTILMGR" 1 "2012-05-25" "Man Page" "Kyoto Tycoon"

.SH NAME
ktutilmgr \- command line interface of miscellaneous utilities

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The command `\fBktutilmgr\fR' is a tool of miscellaneous utilities, and to show the configuration.  This command is used in the following format.  `\fIurl\fR' specifies the target URL.  `\fIproc\fR' specifies the name of the procedure to call.  `\fIname\fR' and `\fIvalue\fR' specify a pair of the key and the value of an input parameter.  `\fIpath\fR' specifies the path of a repository.
.PP
.RS
.br
\fBktutilmgr date \fR[\fB\-ds \fIstr\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-jl \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-wf\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-rf\fR]\fB\fR
.RS
Prints date information.  By default, prints the current UNIX time.
.RE
.br
\fBktutilmgr http \fR[\fB\-get\fR|\fB\-head\fR|\fB\-post\fR|\fB\-put\fR|\fB\-delete\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-body \fIfile\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-ah \fIname\fB \fIvalue\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-qs \fIname\fB \fIvalue\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-tout \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-ph\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-ec \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fIurl\fB\fR
.RS
Performs an HTTP session.
.RE
.br
\fBktutilmgr rpc \fR[\fB\-host \fIstr\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-port \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-tout \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-ienc \fIstr\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-oenc \fIstr\fB\fR]\fB \fIproc\fB \fR[\fB\fIname\fB \fIvalue\fB ...\fR]\fB\fR
.RS
Performs an RPC session.
.RE
.br
\fBktutilmgr ulog \fR[\fB\-ts \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-uw\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-uf\fR]\fB \fIpath\fB\fR
.RS
Prints update logs.
.RE
.br
\fBktutilmgr conf \fR[\fB\-v\fR|\fB\-i\fR|\fB\-l\fR|\fB\-p\fR]\fB\fR
.RS
Shows the configuration of Kyoto Tycoon.
.RE
.br
\fBktutilmgr version\fR
.RS
Shows the version information of Kyoto Tycoon.
.RE
.RE
.PP
Options feature the following.
.PP
.RS
\fB\-ds \fIstr\fR\fR : specifies the datetime string.
.br
\fB\-jl \fInum\fR\fR : specifies the jet lag.
.br
\fB\-wf\fR : formats the output in W3CDTF.
.br
\fB\-rf\fR : formats the output in RFC 1123 format.
.br
\fB\-get\fR : uses the GET method.
.br
\fB\-head\fR : uses the HEAD method.
.br
\fB\-post\fR : uses the POST method.
.br
\fB\-put\fR : uses the PUT method.
.br
\fB\-delete\fR : uses the DELETE method.
.br
\fB\-body \fIfile\fR\fR : sends the entity body of the content the file.
.br
\fB\-ah \fIname\fR \fIvalue\fR\fR : adds an HTTP header.
.br
\fB\-qs \fIname\fR \fIvalue\fR\fR : adds a key/value pair to the query string.
.br
\fB\-tout \fInum\fR\fR : specifies the timeout in seconds.
.br
\fB\-ph\fR : prints response headers.
.br
\fB\-ec \fInum\fR\fR : reports error if the response code is not the same as the expected.
.br
\fB\-host \fIstr\fR\fR : specifies the host name of the server.
.br
\fB\-port \fInum\fR\fR : specifies the port number of the server.
.br
\fB\-ienc \fIstr\fR\fR : specifies the encoding of the input data.
.br
\fB\-oenc \fIstr\fR\fR : specifies the encoding of the output data.
.br
\fB\-ts \fInum\fR\fR : specifies the maximum time stamp of already read logs.  "now" means the current time stamp.
.br
\fB\-uw\fR : waits for update forever.
.br
\fB\-uf\fR : prints status of each update log file.
.br
\fB\-v\fR : show the version number of Kyoto Tycoon.
.br
\fB\-i\fR : show options to include the headers of Tokyo Tycoon.
.br
\fB\-l\fR : show options to link the library of Tokyo Tycoon.
.br
\fB\-p\fR : show the directory path of the commands.
.br
.RE
.PP
This command returns 0 on success, another on failure.

.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
.BR ktutiltest (1),
.BR ktutilserv (1)
