.TH "KTUTILSERV" 1 "2012-05-25" "Man Page" "Kyoto Tycoon"

.SH NAME
ktutilserv \- server implementations to test miscellaneous utilities

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The command `\fBktutilserv\fR' is a utility for facility test and performance test of the server tool kit.  This command is used in the following format.  `\fIbasedir\fR' specifies the document root directory.
.PP
.RS
.br
\fBktutilserv echo \fR[\fB\-host \fIstr\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-port \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-tout \fInum\fB\fR]\fB\fR
.RS
Runs the single\-threaded echo server.
.RE
.br
\fBktutilserv mtecho \fR[\fB\-host \fIstr\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-port \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-tout \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-th \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-li\fR|\fB\-ls\fR|\fB\-le\fR|\fB\-lz\fR]\fB\fR
.RS
Runs the multi\-threaded echo server.
.RE
.br
\fBktutilserv http \fR[\fB\-host \fIstr\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-port \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-tout \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-th \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-li\fR|\fB\-ls\fR|\fB\-le\fR|\fB\-lz\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\fIbasedir\fB\fR]\fB\fR
.RS
Runs the HTTP server.
.RE
.br
\fBktutilserv rpc \fR[\fB\-host \fIstr\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-port \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-tout \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-th \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-li\fR|\fB\-ls\fR|\fB\-le\fR|\fB\-lz\fR]\fB\fR
.RS
Runs the RPC server.
.RE
.RE
.PP
Options feature the following.
.PP
.RS
\fB\-host \fIstr\fR\fR : specifies the host name of the server.
.br
\fB\-port \fInum\fR\fR : specifies the port number of the server.
.br
\fB\-tout \fInum\fR\fR : specifies the timeout in seconds.
.br
\fB\-th \fInum\fR\fR : specifies the number of worker threads.  By default, it is 8.
.br
\fB\-li\fR : sets the logging level "INFO".
.br
\fB\-ls\fR : sets the logging level "SYSTEM".
.br
\fB\-le\fR : sets the logging level "ERROR".
.br
\fB\-lz\fR : sets the logging level "NONE".
.br
.RE
.PP
This command returns 0 on success, another on failure.

.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
.BR ktutiltest (1),
.BR ktutilmgr (1)
