.TH "KCFORESTTEST" 1 "2012-05-24" "Man Page" "Kyoto Cabinet"

.SH NAME
kcforesttest \- command line interface to test the directory tree database

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The command `\fBkcforesttest\fR' is a utility for facility test and performance test of the directory tree database.  This command is used in the following format.  `\fIpath\fR' specifies the path of a database file.  `\fIrnum\fR' specifies the number of iterations.
.PP
.RS
.br
\fBkcforesttest order \fR[\fB\-th \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-rnd\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-set\fR|\fB\-get\fR|\fB\-getw\fR|\fB\-rem\fR|\fB\-etc\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-tran\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-oat\fR|\fB\-onl\fR|\fB\-onl\fR|\fB\-otl\fR|\fB\-onr\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-tc\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-bnum \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-psiz \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-pccap \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-rcd\fR|\fB\-rcld\fR|\fB\-rcdd\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-lv\fR]\fB \fIpath\fB \fIrnum\fB\fR
.RS
Performs in\-order tests.
.RE
.br
\fBkcforesttest queue \fR[\fB\-th \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-it \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-rnd\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-oat\fR|\fB\-onl\fR|\fB\-onl\fR|\fB\-otl\fR|\fB\-onr\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-tc\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-bnum \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-psiz \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-pccap \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-rcd\fR|\fB\-rcld\fR|\fB\-rcdd\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-lv\fR]\fB \fIpath\fB \fIrnum\fB\fR
.RS
Performs queuing operations.
.RE
.br
\fBkcforesttest wicked \fR[\fB\-th \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-it \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-oat\fR|\fB\-onl\fR|\fB\-onl\fR|\fB\-otl\fR|\fB\-onr\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-tc\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-bnum \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-psiz \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-pccap \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-rcd\fR|\fB\-rcld\fR|\fB\-rcdd\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-lv\fR]\fB \fIpath\fB \fIrnum\fB\fR
.RS
Performs mixed operations selected at random.
.RE
.br
\fBkcforesttest tran \fR[\fB\-th \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-it \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-hard\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-oat\fR|\fB\-onl\fR|\fB\-onl\fR|\fB\-otl\fR|\fB\-onr\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-tc\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-bnum \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-psiz \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-pccap \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-rcd\fR|\fB\-rcld\fR|\fB\-rcdd\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-lv\fR]\fB \fIpath\fB \fIrnum\fB\fR
.RS
Performs test of transaction.
.RE
.RE
.PP
Options feature the following.
.PP
.RS
\fB\-th \fInum\fR\fR : specifies the number of worker threads.
.br
\fB\-rnd\fR : performs random test.
.br
\fB\-set\fR : performs setting operation only.
.br
\fB\-get\fR : performs getting operation only.
.br
\fB\-getw\fR : performs getting with a buffer operation only.
.br
\fB\-rem\fR : performs removing operation only.
.br
\fB\-etc\fR : performs miscellaneous operations.
.br
\fB\-tran\fR : performs transaction.
.br
\fB\-oat\fR : opens the database with the auto transaction option.
.br
\fB\-oas\fR : opens the database with the auto synchronization option.
.br
\fB\-onl\fR : opens the database with the no locking option.
.br
\fB\-otl\fR : opens the database with the try locking option.
.br
\fB\-onr\fR : opens the database with the no auto repair option.
.br
\fB\-tc\fR : tunes the database with the compression option.
.br
\fB\-bnum \fInum\fR\fR : specifies the number of buckets of the hash table.
.br
\fB\-psiz \fInum\fR\fR : specifies the size of each page.
.br
\fB\-pccap \fInum\fR\fR : specifies the capacity size of the page cache.
.br
\fB\-rcd\fR : use the decimal comparator instead of the lexical one.
.br
\fB\-rcld\fR : use the lexical descending comparator instead of the ascending one.
.br
\fB\-rcdd\fR : use the decimal descending comparator instead of the lexical one.
.br
\fB\-lv\fR : reports all errors.
.br
\fB\-it \fInum\fR\fR : specifies the number of repetition.
.br
\fB\-hard\fR : performs physical synchronization.
.br
.RE
.PP
This command returns 0 on success, another on failure.

.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
.BR kcforestmgr (1)
