.TH "KCHASHTEST" 1 "2012-05-24" "Man Page" "Kyoto Cabinet"

.SH NAME
kchashtest \- command line interface to test the file hash database

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The command `\fBkchashtest\fR' is a utility for facility test and performance test of the file hash database.  This command is used in the following format.  `\fIpath\fR' specifies the path of a database file.  `\fIrnum\fR' specifies the number of iterations.
.PP
.RS
.br
\fBkchashtest order \fR[\fB\-th \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-rnd\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-set\fR|\fB\-get\fR|\fB\-getw\fR|\fB\-rem\fR|\fB\-etc\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-tran\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-oat\fR|\fB\-onl\fR|\fB\-onl\fR|\fB\-otl\fR|\fB\-onr\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-apow \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-fpow \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-ts\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-tl\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-tc\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-bnum \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-msiz \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-dfunit \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-lv\fR]\fB \fIpath\fB \fIrnum\fB\fR
.RS
Performs in\-order tests.
.RE
.br
\fBkchashtest queue \fR[\fB\-th \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-it \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-rnd\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-oat\fR|\fB\-onl\fR|\fB\-onl\fR|\fB\-otl\fR|\fB\-onr\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-apow \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-fpow \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-ts\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-tl\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-tc\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-bnum \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-msiz \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-dfunit \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-lv\fR]\fB \fIpath\fB \fIrnum\fB\fR
.RS
Performs queuing operations.
.RE
.br
\fBkchashtest wicked \fR[\fB\-th \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-it \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-oat\fR|\fB\-onl\fR|\fB\-onl\fR|\fB\-otl\fR|\fB\-onr\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-apow \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-fpow \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-ts\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-tl\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-tc\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-bnum \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-msiz \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-dfunit \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-lv\fR]\fB \fIpath\fB \fIrnum\fB\fR
.RS
Performs mixed operations selected at random.
.RE
.br
\fBkchashtest tran \fR[\fB\-th \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-it \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-hard\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-oat\fR|\fB\-onl\fR|\fB\-onl\fR|\fB\-otl\fR|\fB\-onr\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-apow \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-fpow \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-ts\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-tl\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-tc\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-bnum \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-msiz \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-dfunit \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-lv\fR]\fB \fIpath\fB \fIrnum\fB\fR
.RS
Performs test of transaction.
.RE
.RE
.PP
Options feature the following.
.PP
.RS
\fB\-th \fInum\fR\fR : specifies the number of worker threads.
.br
\fB\-rnd\fR : performs random test.
.br
\fB\-set\fR : performs setting operation only.
.br
\fB\-get\fR : performs getting operation only.
.br
\fB\-getw\fR : performs getting with a buffer operation only.
.br
\fB\-rem\fR : performs removing operation only.
.br
\fB\-etc\fR : performs miscellaneous operations.
.br
\fB\-tran\fR : performs transaction.
.br
\fB\-oat\fR : opens the database with the auto transaction option.
.br
\fB\-oas\fR : opens the database with the auto synchronization option.
.br
\fB\-onl\fR : opens the database with the no locking option.
.br
\fB\-otl\fR : opens the database with the try locking option.
.br
\fB\-onr\fR : opens the database with the no auto repair option.
.br
\fB\-apow \fInum\fR\fR : specifies the power of the alignment of record size.
.br
\fB\-fpow \fInum\fR\fR : specifies the power of the capacity of the free block pool.
.br
\fB\-ts\fR : tunes the database with the small option.
.br
\fB\-tl\fR : tunes the database with the linear option.
.br
\fB\-tc\fR : tunes the database with the compression option.
.br
\fB\-bnum \fInum\fR\fR : specifies the number of buckets of the hash table.
.br
\fB\-msiz \fInum\fR\fR : specifies the size of the memory\-mapped region.
.br
\fB\-dfunit \fInum\fR\fR : specifies the unit step number of auto defragmentation.
.br
\fB\-lv\fR : reports all errors.
.br
\fB\-it \fInum\fR\fR : specifies the number of repetition.
.br
\fB\-hard\fR : performs physical synchronization.
.br
.RE
.PP
This command returns 0 on success, another on failure.

.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
.BR kchashmgr (1)
