.TH "KCLANGCTEST" 1 "2012-05-24" "Man Page" "Kyoto Cabinet"

.SH NAME
kclangctest \- command line interface to test the C language binding

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The command `\fBkclangctest\fR' is a utility for facility test and performance test of the C language binding.  This command is used in the following format.  `\fIpath\fR' specifies the path of a database file.  `\fIrnum\fR' specifies the number of iterations.
.PP
.RS
.br
\fBkclangctest order \fR[\fB\-rnd\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-etc\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-tran\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-oat\fR|\fB\-onl\fR|\fB\-onl\fR|\fB\-otl\fR|\fB\-onr\fR]\fB \fIpath\fB \fIrnum\fB\fR
.RS
Performs in\-order tests.
.RE
.br
\fBkclangctest index \fR[\fB\-rnd\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-etc\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-oat\fR|\fB\-onl\fR|\fB\-onl\fR|\fB\-otl\fR|\fB\-onr\fR]\fB \fIpath\fB \fIrnum\fB\fR
.RS
Performs indexing operations.
.RE
.br
\fBkclangctest map \fR[\fB\-rnd\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-etc\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-bnum \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fIrnum\fB\fR
.RS
Performs test of memory\-saving hash map.
.RE
.br
\fBkclangctest list \fR[\fB\-rnd\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-etc\fR]\fB \fIrnum\fB\fR
.RS
Performs test of memory\-saving array list.
.RE
.RE
.PP
Options feature the following.
.PP
.RS
\fB\-rnd\fR : performs random test.
.br
\fB\-etc\fR : performs miscellaneous operations.
.br
\fB\-tran\fR : performs transaction.
.br
\fB\-oat\fR : opens the database with the auto transaction option.
.br
\fB\-oas\fR : opens the database with the auto synchronization option.
.br
\fB\-onl\fR : opens the database with the no locking option.
.br
\fB\-otl\fR : opens the database with the try locking option.
.br
\fB\-onr\fR : opens the database with the no auto repair option.
.br
\fB\-bnum \fInum\fR\fR : specifies the number of buckets of the hash table.
.br
.RE
.PP
This command returns 0 on success, another on failure.

.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
.BR kcpolymgr (1),
.BR kcpolytest (1)
