.TH "KCUTILMGR" 1 "2012-05-24" "Man Page" "Kyoto Cabinet"

.SH NAME
kcutilmgr \- command line interface of miscellaneous utilities

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
.PP
The command `\fBkcutilmgr\fR' is a tool of miscellaneous utilities, and to show the configuration.  This command is used in the following format.  `\fIfile\fR' specifies a input file.  If it is omitted, the standard input is read.  If it begins with "@", the trailing substring is treated as the input.  `\fIpattern\fR' specifies an matching pattern.
.PP
.RS
.br
\fBkcutilmgr hex \fR[\fB\-d\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\fIfile\fB\fR]\fB\fR
.RS
Performs hexadecimal encoding and its decoding.
.RE
.br
\fBkcutilmgr enc \fR[\fB\-hex\fR|\fB\-url\fR|\fB\-quote\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-d\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\fIfile\fB\fR]\fB\fR
.RS
Performs Base64 encoding and its decoding.
.RE
.br
\fBkcutilmgr ciph \fR[\fB\-key \fIstr\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\fIfile\fB\fR]\fB\fR
.RS
Performs Arcfour cipher and its decipher.
.RE
.br
\fBkcutilmgr comp \fR[\fB\-def\fR|\fB\-gz\fR|\fB\-lzo\fR|\fB\-lzma\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-d\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\fIfile\fB\fR]\fB\fR
.RS
Performs ZLIB encoding and its decoding.  By default, use the raw format.
.RE
.br
\fBkcutilmgr hash \fR[\fB\-fnv\fR|\fB\-path\fR|\fB\-crc\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\fIfile\fB\fR]\fB\fR
.RS
Calculates the hash value.  By default, use MurMur hashing.
.RE
.br
\fBkcutilmgr regex \fR[\fB\-alt \fIstr\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-ic\fR]\fB \fIpattern\fB \fR[\fB\fIfile\fB\fR]\fB\fR
.RS
Prints lines matching a regular expression.
.RE
.br
\fBkcutilmgr conf \fR[\fB\-v\fR|\fB\-i\fR|\fB\-l\fR|\fB\-p\fR]\fB\fR
.RS
Shows the configuration of Kyoto Cabinet.
.RE
.br
\fBkcutilmgr version\fR
.RS
Shows the version information of Kyoto Cabinet.
.RE
.RE
.PP
Options feature the following.
.PP
.RS
\fB\-d\fR : perform decoding (unescaping), not encoding (escaping).
.br
\fB\-hex\fR : use hexadecimal encoding.
.br
\fB\-url\fR : use URL encoding.
.br
\fB\-quote\fR : use Quoted\-printable encoding.
.br
\fB\-key \fIstr\fR\fR : set the cipher key.
.br
\fB\-def\fR : use the deflate format.
.br
\fB\-gz\fR : use the gzip format.
.br
\fB\-lzo\fR : use LZO encoding.
.br
\fB\-lzma\fR : use LZMA encoding.
.br
\fB\-fnv\fR : use FNV hashing.
.br
\fB\-path\fR : use the path hashing of the directory database.
.br
\fB\-crc\fR : calculate the CRC32 checksum.
.br
\fB\-alt \fIstr\fR\fR : replaces matching substring with the alternative string.
.br
\fB\-ic\fR : ignores difference between upper and lower cases.
.br
\fB\-v\fR : show the version number of Kyoto Cabinet.
.br
\fB\-i\fR : show options to include the headers of Tokyo Cabinet.
.br
\fB\-l\fR : show options to link the library of Tokyo Cabinet.
.br
\fB\-p\fR : show the directory path of the commands.
.br
.RE
.PP
This command returns 0 on success, another on failure.

.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
.BR kcutiltest (1)
