.TH "KCUTILTEST" 1 "2012-05-24" "Man Page" "Kyoto Cabinet"

.SH NAME
kcutiltest \- command line interface to test the utility functions

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The command `\fBkcutiltest\fR' is a utility for facility test and performance test of the utility functions.  This command is used in the following format.  `\fIrnum\fR' specifies the number of iterations.  `\fIpath\fR' specifies the path of a file.
.PP
.RS
.br
\fBkcutiltest mutex \fR[\fB\-th \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-iv \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fIrnum\fB\fR
.RS
Performs test of lock primitives.
.RE
.br
\fBkcutiltest cond \fR[\fB\-th \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-iv \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fIrnum\fB\fR
.RS
Performs test of condition variable primitives.
.RE
.br
\fBkcutiltest para \fR[\fB\-th \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-iv \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fIrnum\fB\fR
.RS
Performs test of parallel processing.
.RE
.br
\fBkcutiltest file \fR[\fB\-th \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-rnd\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-msiz \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fIpath\fB \fIrnum\fB\fR
.RS
Performs test of the file system abstraction.
.RE
.br
\fBkcutiltest lhmap \fR[\fB\-rnd\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-bnum \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fIrnum\fB\fR
.RS
Performs test of doubly\-linked hash map.
.RE
.br
\fBkcutiltest thmap \fR[\fB\-rnd\fR]\fB \fR[\fB\-bnum \fInum\fB\fR]\fB \fIrnum\fB\fR
.RS
Performs test of memory\-saving hash map.
.RE
.br
\fBkcutiltest talist \fR[\fB\-rnd\fR]\fB \fIrnum\fB\fR
.RS
Performs test of memory\-saving array list.
.RE
.br
\fBkcutiltest misc \fIrnum\fB\fR
.RS
Performs test of miscellaneous mechanisms.
.RE
.RE
.PP
Options feature the following.
.PP
.RS
\fB\-th \fInum\fR\fR : specifies the number of worker threads.
.br
\fB\-iv \fInum\fR\fR : specifies the interval between iterations.
.br
\fB\-rnd\fR : performs random test.
.br
\fB\-msiz \fInum\fR\fR : specifies the size of the memory\-mapped region.
.br
\fB\-bnum \fInum\fR\fR : specifies the number of buckets of the hash table.
.br
.RE
.PP
This command returns 0 on success, another on failure.

.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
.BR kcutilmgr (1)
